and the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak
and the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to the children of Israel and get from
to the children of Israel and get from
to the children of Israel and get from them a rod from each father's house all
them a rod from each father's house all
them a rod from each father's house all their leaders according to their fathers
their leaders according to their fathers
their leaders according to their fathers houses 12 rods right each man's name on
houses 12 rods right each man's name on
houses 12 rods right each man's name on his rod and you shall write Aaron's name
his rod and you shall write Aaron's name
his rod and you shall write Aaron's name on the rod of Levi for there shall be
on the rod of Levi for there shall be
on the rod of Levi for there shall be one rod for the head of each father's
one rod for the head of each father's
one rod for the head of each father's house
house
house then you shall place them in the
then you shall place them in the
then you shall place them in the tabernacle of meeting before the
tabernacle of meeting before the
tabernacle of meeting before the testimony where I meet with you and it
testimony where I meet with you and it
testimony where I meet with you and it shall be that the rod of the man whom I
shall be that the rod of the man whom I
shall be that the rod of the man whom I choose will blossom thus I will rid
choose will blossom thus I will rid
choose will blossom thus I will rid myself of the complaints of the children
myself of the complaints of the children
myself of the complaints of the children of Israel which they make against you so
of Israel which they make against you so
of Israel which they make against you so Moses spoke to the children of Israel
Moses spoke to the children of Israel
Moses spoke to the children of Israel and each of their leaders gave him a rod
and each of their leaders gave him a rod
and each of their leaders gave him a rod the piece for each leader according to
the piece for each leader according to
the piece for each leader according to their fathers houses 12 rods and the rod
their fathers houses 12 rods and the rod
their fathers houses 12 rods and the rod of Aaron was among their rods and Moses
of Aaron was among their rods and Moses
of Aaron was among their rods and Moses placed the rods before the Lord in the
placed the rods before the Lord in the
placed the rods before the Lord in the tabernacle of witness now it came to
tabernacle of witness now it came to
tabernacle of witness now it came to pass on the next day that Moses went
pass on the next day that Moses went
pass on the next day that Moses went into the tabernacle of witness and
into the tabernacle of witness and
into the tabernacle of witness and behold the rod of Aaron of the house of
behold the rod of Aaron of the house of
behold the rod of Aaron of the house of Levi had sprouted and put forth buds had
Levi had sprouted and put forth buds had
Levi had sprouted and put forth buds had produced blossoms and yielded ripe
produced blossoms and yielded ripe
produced blossoms and yielded ripe almonds
almonds
almonds then Moses brought out all the rods from
then Moses brought out all the rods from
then Moses brought out all the rods from before the Lord to all the children of
before the Lord to all the children of
before the Lord to all the children of Israel and they looked and each man took
Israel and they looked and each man took
Israel and they looked and each man took his rod and the Lord said to Moses bring
his rod and the Lord said to Moses bring
his rod and the Lord said to Moses bring Aaron's rod back before the testimony to
Aaron's rod back before the testimony to
Aaron's rod back before the testimony to be kept as a sign against the rebels
be kept as a sign against the rebels
be kept as a sign against the rebels that you may put their complaints away
that you may put their complaints away
that you may put their complaints away from me lest they die
from me lest they die
from me lest they die busted Moses just as the Lord had
busted Moses just as the Lord had
busted Moses just as the Lord had commanded him so he did so the children
commanded him so he did so the children
commanded him so he did so the children of Israel spoke to Moses surely we die
of Israel spoke to Moses surely we die
of Israel spoke to Moses surely we die we perish we all perish whoever even
we perish we all perish whoever even
we perish we all perish whoever even comes near the tabernacle of the Lord
comes near the tabernacle of the Lord
comes near the tabernacle of the Lord must die shall we all uh turley die
must die shall we all uh turley die
must die shall we all uh turley die [Music]